
Analyst, Valuation & Investments
Risk & Investment Management Austin, Texas  New York, New York

Apply
Description
Position at Recurrent Energy

With a strong track record of originating, developing, financing, and building nearly 9 GWp of solar and 3 GWh of battery storage power plants across six continents, Recurrent Energy has established a leadership position in both solar and battery storage project development. With a total pipeline of 25 GWp in solar and 47 GWh in battery storage. In addition, Recurrent Energy’s services business has 6 GW of projects under operations and maintenance contracts, either operational or contracted projects. 
Position Title: Analyst, Valuation & Investments 
Department: Development. 
Reports To: Director/Manager, Valuation & Investments. 
Location: Austin, TX or NYC
 
Priority is given to candidates who can work in a flexible hybrid model from one of our main offices in Austin, TX or New York.  
 
Position Summary 
 
We are seeking an Analyst, Valuation & Investments (V&I), to join Recurrent Energy. This role will support the evaluation of greenfield development and M&A investment opportunities across the U.S., with a focus on solar and energy storage projects, while helping shape regional strategy and secure equity investment approvals.
 
This high-visibility position requires cross-functional collaboration across the organization. The ideal candidate is highly motivated, intellectually curious, and an excellent communicator with strong process management skills. The role requires 1–3 years of experience in an analytical or transactional role, strong financial analysis and modeling capabilities, and the ability to summarize and communicate complex ideas succinctly.
 
This is an opportunity to join a leading solar and energy storage developer in a role that supports the continued growth of renewable energy deployment across the U.S., with extensive exposure to key decision-makers.
 
Responsibilities 
 
Lead financial modeling and profitability analyses, ensuring accuracy and alignment with business objectives.
Work with Development Leadership to prepare internal investment proposals, memoranda, and project and regional presentations for internal and external stakeholders.
Ensure financial models accurately reflect transaction structures, market conditions, and commercial optimization opportunities.
Analyze the relationships between model inputs and outputs, identifying opportunities to improve profitability at multiple levels.
Evaluate various financing structures and recommend optimal capital structures for projects.
Support the Origination and Structuring team in pricing and securing Power Purchase Agreements.
Work with the M&A team to evaluate potential opportunistic project acquisitions and divestitures.
Prepare discrete analyses and supporting documentation related to land acquisition, permitting, interconnection, project engineering, power marketing, financing activities, and EPC negotiations.
 
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities 
 
Highly proficient in Microsoft Excel, Word, and PowerPoint.
Demonstrated strong financial modeling and analytical skills.
Strong verbal and written communication skills, including comfort interacting with internal management and transaction counterparties.
Solid understanding of corporate finance and economic concepts.
Working knowledge of power markets and project finance structures.
Strong quantitative aptitude with exceptional attention to detail.
Ability to translate complex quantitative analyses into clear, actionable insights.
Highly driven, proactive, and hardworking self-starter who takes pride in optimizing financial models and overall work products.
Collaborative team player with experience working in cross-functional environments.
Interest in working in a fast-growing industry that is making a tangible impact on climate change.
Requirements 
 
1-3 years of relevant experience required. 
Bachelor’s Degree. 
Master´s Degree, CFA or other quantitative certifications are a plus. 
A financial modeling test will be required during the interview process. 
Ability and willingness to travel as required. 
