About the job
Revenue Operations Contract Manager - Farmington, UT



Why LoanPro: 

“We want to change how the future of finance works. We’re working to change finance to be highly personalized. It changes who has access to capital. It changes personal finances. It can have a ripple effect on everything you do. LoanPro unlocks finance.” -Rhett Roberts, CEO
At LoanPro, we're more than just a fintech company—we’re transforming the lending landscape. With over $18 billion in loans managed across North America, LoanPro isn't just growing—it's leading the industry transformation.


How we do what we do:

“Steve Jobs was once asked what he was most proud of at Apple. Was it the iPhone? Was it the iPad? Steve Jobs replied it was the team that built Apple. That’s what I’m most proud of here at LoanPro- the team that builds LoanPro. We do what we do because of our people.” -Rhett Roberts, CEO
At the heart of our success are our exceptional employees, whose talent, passion, and dedication fuel the growth and profitability of our company. As a next-generation SaaS platform, we deliver core lending infrastructure that empowers mid-market and large lenders to operate more efficiently, quickly, and effectively. Our cloud-native solution helps clients streamline operations, enhance organization, and drive unparalleled performance in their lending processes.


What you'll own: 

As a Revenue Operations Contract Manager, you will play a crucial role in structuring, pricing, and managing complex deals (sales agreements) to drive revenue growth and help LoanPro meet its financial goals. You will collaborate closely with sales, finance, legal, and product teams to develop business processes, help negotiate contracts, and facilitate deal approvals.
Responsible for exemplifying excellent customer service and the company’s core values, culture, policies, and procedures at all times.
Lead the contract management process, serving as the primary point of contact for deal structuring, pricing, and approval processes.
Partner with sales teams to develop customized pricing proposals that align with customer needs and maximize revenue potential.
Analyze deal economics, evaluate risk factors, and provide recommendations to optimize deal terms and profitability.
Drive deal negotiations, ensuring alignment with company policies, pricing guidelines, and revenue targets.
Collaborate with finance and legal teams to review contracts, assess legal and financial implications, and mitigate risks.
Maintain deal tracking and reporting systems to provide visibility into deal pipeline, performance metrics, and revenue forecasting.
Continuously assess and improve deal desk processes, tools, and methodologies to enhance efficiency and scalability.
Stay abreast of market trends, competitive dynamics, and industry regulations to inform pricing strategies and deal structures.
Take ownership of deep learning about our software, its functions, and how it fulfills our customers' needs and how they use the product. Cultivate new business relationships and maintain existing business relationships with customers and partners
An essential function of this role requires onsite work to collaborate with other team members. Remote work may be conducted at manager’s discretion and in accordance with company hybrid policy.
Other duties as prescribed. Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.


What you’ll need for success: 

Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Finance, or related field.
Proven track record of successfully structuring complex contracts or sales agreements deals or similar experience.
1-3 years of experience in revenue or sales operations, contract management, proposal management, or technical writing, preferably in the fintech or software industry.
Process-development skills including innovative thinking and problem-solving skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills, including facilitation of group presentations, and consulting skills.
Good analytical and deductive reasoning skills.
Thoughtful leadership and strong management capabilities. Ability to influence at all levels in an organization, including senior executives.
Ability to consult and build relationships with colleagues to identify issues, determine potential solutions, and analyze the impact on the broader organization.
Basic understanding of the financial services industry, with the interest and ability to quickly become a subject matter expert.
Ability to work in a rapidly changing and fast-paced environment.


Benefits of the Role: 

80% Medical/Dental
PTO and Holiday Schedule
HSA and 401K Match
Wellness Rewards and EAP


At LoanPro, we have the ability to make a real difference. LoanPro offers a value-based, innovation-focused, learning culture and endless opportunities for growth. Come help us build LoanPro. 



If you need an accommodation to apply for the position or during the interview process, please email hr@loanpro.io