Company:Google
Role:  Strategy and Operations Analyst

Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
4 years of experience in a management consulting, sales operations, business strategy or corporate advisory role.
2 years of experience in data analysis using SQL.
2 years of experience working with executive stakeholders.
2 years of experience developing business strategies or managing cross-functional initiatives.

Preferred qualifications:
2 years of experience generating insights from analysis on large data sets to drive business decisions.
Experience collaborating with multiple stakeholders across organizational boundaries.
Experience in advertising, consultative sales, business development, or a digital media environment for a complex organization.
Excellent communication and presentation skills with the ability to take complex, ambiguous topics and turn them into compelling narratives for different audiences.
Excellent problem-solving skills, combined with strong business acumen.
About the job
The GCS Sales and Strategy teams provide business critical insights using analytics, ensure cross-functional alignment of goals and execution, help teams guide strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward, and guide sustainable business growth and product adoption. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with effective day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives. Team members are experienced in business strategy and operations, problem-solving and strategic, yet highly pragmatic and results-oriented.

Google Customer Solutions (GCS) sales teams are trusted advisors and competitive sellers who maintain a relentless focus on customer success by bringing the best Google has to offer to small- and medium-sized businesses (SMBs), which are the backbone of our communities. As a member of our team, you’ll have the opportunity to work with company owners and make a real difference in their businesses by helping them grow. Together, we help shape the future of innovation for customers, partners, and sellers...and we have fun doing it.

Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.

US: $124000 - $178000 (USD) + 15% bonus target + equity + benefits

Learn more about benefits at Google.
Responsibilities
Draw interpretable insights from sophisticated business analyses and advanced modeling.
Design processes, tools, and operating cadences to achieve organizational outcomes.
Develop comprehensive sales, product or business strategies that solve complex business challenges and address the needs of customers and stakeholders across various functions to guide incremental growth.
Communicate data-committed recommendations to leadership and to the broader organization by preparing polished presentations and identifying key takeaways.
Define actionable plans and roadmaps and align cross-functional stakeholders to guide successful implementation of change initiatives.