Company: Heidrick & Struggles
Job Role: Business Analyst, Finance and Operations

Heidrick & Struggles is the world’s foremost advisor on executive leadership, driving superior client performance through premier human capital leadership advisory services. For more than 70 years, we’ve delivered value for our clients by leveraging unrivaled expertise to help organizations discover and enable outstanding leaders and teams. Learn more at www.heidrick.com

Job Description:

Who We Are:

Heidrick & Struggles is a premier provider of global leadership advisory and on-demand talent solutions, serving the senior-level talent and consulting needs of the world's top organizations. In our role as trusted leadership advisors, we partner with our clients to develop future-ready leaders and organizations, bringing together our services and offerings in executive search, diversity and inclusion, leadership assessment and development, organization and team acceleration, culture shaping and on-demand, independent talent solutions. Heidrick & Struggles pioneered the profession of executive search more than 70 years ago. Today, the firm provides integrated talent and human capital solutions to help our clients change the world, one leadership team at a time.®  


Additional information on the firm can be found at www.heidrick.com. 

 
The Role:

The Business Analyst, Finance and Operations role is based in Chicago, Illinois and reports to the SVP, Finance and Operations. This position is responsible for preparing analysis to support decision-making and monitoring operational efficiencies, including development of business cases for growth and investment, productivity analysis, efficiency and leverage analysis, and other ad hoc requests.

 

Responsibilities:

Develop, maintain, and continuously improve financial analyses.
Analyze existing company reports to identify trends.
Prepare analysis to help the Global Operations team assess performance and identify opportunities to improve efficiencies, including productivity, support staff capacity, efficiency of search execution, and other ad hoc needs.
Develop one-off models or model extensions to support “what if” analysis related to proposed business transactions, deal analysis, and other business decisions.
 

Required Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
Minimum of two years of related professional experience
Advanced Excel and analytical skills, including pivot tables and v-lookups.
Understanding of operating models, financial models, and cost structures, with the ability to translate them into driver-based financial models.
Proven experience providing the highest levels of client service, internally or externally.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Strong attention to detail, with the ability to meet deadlines and adapt quickly to change.
Demonstrated strong work ethic, flexibility in hours as needed, and the ability to drive results under strict deadlines.
Strong organizational skills, with the ability to prioritize work with minimal supervision.
Ability to manage multiple projects at one time.
Ability to build long-term, trusting relationships with clients and colleagues.
Preferred Qualifications:

Professional services experience preferred.
Experience designing and developing complex financial models in Excel.
Experience with Power BI, Workday, and HFM would be beneficial.